### Accessibility Checklist

Guideline | Summary | Description of how you accommodated this
--- | --- | ---
1.1.1 – Non-text Content | Provide text alternatives for non-text content | All images have an alt HTML tag. The demo is the only video that we have, and a short description is provided for it. Each control has a non-text name HTML tag added.
1.2.1 – Audio-only and Video-only (Pre-recorded) | Provide an alternative to video-only and audio-only content | We do not have any audio-only or video-only content.
1.2.2 – Captions (Pre-recorded) | Provide captions for videos with audio | The demo is the only video with audio that we have, and it has auto-generated captions.
1.2.3 – Audio Description or Media Alternative (Pre-recorded) | Video with audio has a second alternative | The demo is the only video with audio that we have. We provide a write up that has the same content written out. 
1.3.1 – Info and Relationships | Logical structure | All elements use an appropriate HTML tag (e.g. buttons all use a Material UI “Button” tag) and are structured in a logical order (e.g. headings are followed by body text).
1.3.2 – Meaningful Sequence | Present content in a meaningful order | The order of content in any page is top-down (and text going left to right), with separate navigation headings at the top, wherever they’re relevant. For instance, in the camera page, the order of the controls (which are at the side of the camera view), going from top to bottom, are in order of how the user is expected to interact with this feature: (1) read the instructions, (2) set a time for the countdown timer, (3) click “start.” 
1.3.3 – Sensory Characteristics | Use more than one sense for instructions | We provide instructions for taking images (that are used to calculate body measurements), and for uploading images to get style recommendations. Each is descriptive and refers to multiple attributes to make it easier to identify the components that are being referenced. For instance, to refer to the “start” button in the camera page, both its location and colour are mentioned.
1.4.1 – Use of Colour | Don’t use presentation that relies solely on colour | No instructions rely on colour alone and information is not communicated with colour alone. For instance, error messages are shown in red, but they are also informative, and tell the user what has happened. If the app was converted to black and white, the tasks could be completed just as easily. 
1.4.2 – Audio Control | Don’t play audio automatically | The demo video is the only content with audio. The audio for it does not play automatically.
2.1.1 – Keyboard | Accessible by keyboard only | For each page, if the user clicks the tab button, they can reach every clickable component. For Material UI Links, we added the tag “component=”button””, to treat them like buttons. This way, they become reachable with the tab button. All other components were already accessible by the keyboard.
2.1.2 – No Keyboard Trap | Don’t trap keyboard users | On every page, if the user clicks tab to select different clickable components, they can continue clicking it to loop around to the first component on the page. They never get stuck on one path.
2.2.1 – Timing Adjustable | Time limits have user controls | The only place we have a time limit in our app is in the countdown timer for taking an image. This is adjustable, up to 20 seconds. The user is not automatically logged out, so there is no time limit associated with that either. 
2.2.2 – Pause, Stop, Hide | Provide user controls for moving content | The countdown timer is the only moving content that we have at the moment. This starts only by the user’s request, so it does not need to be able to be paused, stopped, or hidden.
2.3.1 – Three Flashes or Below | No content flashes more than three times per second | None of our content flashes. Some things change on the screen as the user interacts with it (this can be considered a “flash”), but these never happen more than 3 times per second.
2.4.1 – Bypass Blocks | Provide a ‘Skip to Content’ link | The nav bar at the top of the screen (which appears in the user page, and login / sign up pages) is very minimal. It only has two clickable buttons. So there is no need to provide a “Skip to Content” link, because the user would only need to go through these two buttons. The rest of the content comes right after. 
2.4.2 – Page Titled | Use helpful and clear page titles | Every page has a title set up in the metadata (which can be seen in the tab’s title), in the format of “{Page name} – {Sub page description}(optional) | EzraFit”. Just looking at the title, the user can make a good guess as to what the page is for.
2.4.3 – Focus Order | Logical order | When “tabbing” through each page (i.e. clicking the tab button to focus on each clickable element), the order in which components are selected follows a logical order that would be expected by the user.
2.4.4 – Link Purpose (In Context) | Every link’s purpose is clear from its context | For any component that has a link, the text it displays makes it clear what it needs to do, within the context of the page. For example “Style Recommendations” takes the user to their style recommendations.
3.1.1 – Language of Page | Page has a language assigned | The HTML for the EzraFit React app has a lang tag that is set to “en” for English.
3.2.1 – On Focus | Elements do not change when they receive focus | When “tabbing” through each page (i.e. clicking the tab button to focus on each clickable element), each component that is focused on does not change (i.e. nothing moves, submits, or changes some other way).
3.2.2 – On Input | Elements do not change when they receive input | The focus of an element never automatically changes; it only does when the user decides to change it. No forms auto-submit after all the fields are entered. Anything that needs to be submitted (e.g. the images for calculating measurements, the image for getting style recommendations, the input for logging in / signing up), all require the user to click something, such as “done” or “submit” before they go through.
3.3.1 – Error Identification | Clearly identify input errors | Whenever something fails in the application, we show an error message to the user, and clearly explain, in terms that they can understand, what the issue is. 
3.3.2 – Labels or Instructions | Label elements and give instructions | The only forms we have are the login, register, edit account, and change password forms. The inputs for each of these all have descriptive and clear labels. 
4.1.1 – Parsing | No major code errors | There are no major code errors. React automatically ensures that JSX elements are correctly set up, otherwise the code would not run. We have tested all of our pages to ensure they all compile. 
4.1.2 – Name, Role, Value | Build all elements for accessibility | We generally only used Material UI components, each of which have related name, value, or role HTML tag.
Colour Part II | [Colours are chosen in a way that won't make things difficult for colour blind users](https://venngage.com/blog/color-blind-friendly-palette/) | No information that the user needs is communicated through colour alone. If the app is converted to black and white, it would still be generally easy to use, particularly because there is enough contrast between elements that are different colours. For all of the error messages, there is an error icon displayed next to them to make them easier to stop.
